add hex and simulation links (#145)
GSK-Biostatistics/beastt: README.Rmd

)
```

> # beastt <a href='https://gsk-biostatistics.github.io/beastt/'><img src="man/figures/beastt-logo.png" align="right" alt = "beastt logo" style="height:139px;"/></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# beastt <a href='https://gsk-biostatistics.github.io/beastt/'><img src="man/figures/beastt_hex.png" align="right" alt = "beastt logo" style="height:139px;"/></a>
```

Reviewer: Again, please double check this suggested edit

## Usage

> At the moment {beastt} covers borrowing from external control data for normal, binary, and time to event endpoints. For more information, see the [vignettes](https://gsk-biostatistics.github.io/beastt/articles/). If you are looking to do a simulation for a binary or time to event endpoint, you can use the template cade avaliable [here](https://github.com/GSK-Biostatistics/beastt/tree/main/inst/templates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment {beastt} covers borrowing from external control data for normal, binary, and time-to-event endpoints. For more information, see the [vignettes](https://gsk-biostatistics.github.io/beastt/articles/). If you are looking to conduct a simulation study for a binary or time-to-event endpoint, you can use the template code available [here](https://github.com/GSK-Biostatistics/beastt/tree/main/inst/templates).
```
